AI: anything that makes maachine act more intelligent. 
Think about it like this:
Human intelligence -----(AI solution)-----Augemented intelligence

* let the machines do the time consuming work.

How do we define intelligence?
Human being have innate intelligence, defined as the intelligence that governs every activity in our body. 
This intelligence is what causes an oak tree to grow out of a little seed, and an elephant to form from a sigle-celled organism.

How does Ai learn?
The only innate intelligence machines have is what we give them

Ai can be defined in different ways:

1 - Weak Ai or Narrow AI

AI that is applied to a specific domain. For example, language translators, virtual assistants,
self-driving cars, AI-powered web searches, recommendation engines, and intelligent spam filters.
Applied AI can perform specific tasks, but not learn new ones, making decisions based on programmed algorithms, and training data.

2 - Strong AI or Generalized AI

AI that can interact and operate a wide variety of independent and unrelated tasks.
It can learn new tasks to solve new problems, and it does this by teaching itself new strategies.
Generalized Intelligence is the combination of many AI strategies that learn from experience and can perform at a human level of intelligence.

3- Super AI or Conscious AI

AI with human-level consciousness, which would require it to be self-aware.
Because we are not yet able to adequately define what consciousness is, it is unlikely that we will be able to create a conscious AI in the near future.

AI is the fusion of many fields of study. 

Computer science and electrical engineering determine how AI is implemented in software and hardware.

Mathematics and statistics determine viable models and measure performance.

Because AI is modeled on how we believe the brain works, psychology and linguistics play an essential role in understanding how AI might work.

And philosophy provides guidance on intelligence and ethical considerations.

While the science fiction version of AI may be a distant possibility,
we already see more and more AI involved in the decisions we make every day.
Over the years, AI has proven to be useful in different domains, impacting the lives of people and our society in meaningful ways.
